content/tools.md, before:

+++
title = "Tools"
+++

## I Use

### Software

- OS: [NixOS](https://nixos.org)
- Compositor: [Hyprland](https://hyprland.org)
- Terminal: [Alacritty](https://alacritty.org)
- Text Editor: [Neovim](https://neovim.io) configured with [NixVim](https://github.com/nix-community/nixvim)
- Browser: [Librewolf](https://librewolf.net)
- Shell: [Nushell](https://nushell.sh)
- Prompt: [Starship](https://starship.rs)
- Statusbar: [Waybar](https://github.com/Alexays/Waybar)
- Colorscheme: [Nord](https://nordtheme.com)

### Hardware

- [Alurya](https://github.com/azaleacolburn/flake/tree/main/hosts/alurya/default.nix) - [Linux Workstation](https://youtu.be/bq9O99TgFv4)
- [Gilarabrywn](https://github.com/azaleacolburn/flake/tree/main/hosts/gilarabrywn/default.nix) - Apple M1 running [Asahi Linux](https://asahilinux.org)
- Suri - iPhone 12 Mini (i aspire to one day not even own a phone)
- Brin - Modified [Chocofi](https://github.com/pashutk/chocofi) Keyboard

## I want (to make, to exist, or to have)

### Hardware
- [Framework Laptop 13](https://frame.work/laptop13) - A more open, modular replacement for Gilarabrywn when she gives out

### Software
- Obelisk - Converts branching C programs into branchless ones


## I've Made

- [Sonder](https://github.com/azaleacolburn/sonder) - An experimental static analyzer and transpiler from C to Safe Rust
- [Orinfar](https://github.com/azaleacolburn/orinfar) - A text editor for witches (wip)
- [Rhododendron](https://github.com/azaleacolburn/rhodoendron) - A compiler for a fairly large subset of C targeting ARM64
- [Troth](https://github.com/azaleacolburn/troth) - A fairly robust (albeit slow) lambda calculus intepreter

Commit message:

add esrahaddon and darjeeling to tools

content/tools.md, after:

+++
title = "Tools"
+++

## I Use

### Software

- OS: [NixOS](https://nixos.org)
- Compositor: [Hyprland](https://hyprland.org)
- Terminal: [Alacritty](https://alacritty.org)
- Text Editor: [Neovim](https://neovim.io) configured with [NixVim](https://github.com/nix-community/nixvim)
- Browser: [Librewolf](https://librewolf.net)
- Shell: [Nushell](https://nushell.sh)
- Prompt: [Starship](https://starship.rs)
- Statusbar: [Waybar](https://github.com/Alexays/Waybar)
- Colorscheme: [Nord](https://nordtheme.com)

### Hardware

- [Alurya](https://github.com/azaleacolburn/flake/tree/main/hosts/alurya/default.nix) - [Linux Workstation](https://youtu.be/bq9O99TgFv4)
- [Gilarabrywn](https://github.com/azaleacolburn/flake/tree/main/hosts/gilarabrywn/default.nix) - Apple M1 running [Asahi Linux](https://asahilinux.org)
- [Esrahaddon](https://github.com/azaleacolburn/flake/tree/main/hosts/esrahaddon/default.nix) - [Framework Laptop 13](https://frame.work/laptop13)
- Suri - iPhone 12 Mini (i aspire to one day not even own a phone)
- Brin - Modified [Chocofi](https://github.com/pashutk/chocofi) Keyboard

## I want (to make, to exist, or to have)

### Hardware
- I would like to get into homelabing at some point, mostly to host my own [git](https://git-scm.com/) upstream

### Software
- Obelisk - Converts branching C programs into branchless ones

## I've Made

- [Darjeeling](https://github.com/azaleacolburn/darjeeling) - A [CNN](https://introml.mit.edu/notes/neural_networks.html) and [GAN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generative_adversarial_network) machine learning Rust crate
- [Sonder](https://github.com/azaleacolburn/sonder) - An experimental static analyzer and transpiler from C to Safe Rust
- [Rhododendron](https://github.com/azaleacolburn/rhododendron) - A compiler for a fairly large subset of C targeting ARM64
- [Orinfar](https://github.com/azaleacolburn/orinfar) - A text editor for witches (wip)
- [Troth](https://github.com/azaleacolburn/troth) - A fairly robust (albeit slow) lambda calculus intepreter
